# CS-250
How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
Before we impliment user needs we first have to understand what the user requires from the software and how to translate those requirements into functional features. THere are manys ways to acheive this such as gathering the requirements by conducting interviews, surveys, and even workshops with potential users to better understnad their needs and expectations. I would then prioritize the features, design, iterate, and test to ensure the program meets the user's needs. Creating User Stories is essential to keeping the focus towards the user's needs and ensures tangible benefits with each feature delivered. 

How do I approach developing programs? What Agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
I approach developing programs by adopting methodologies that promote collaboration, flexability, and continuous improvement. One of the Agile approaches I hope to incorporate in my future development would be Kanban. Kanban focuses on visualizing work, limiting in progress statuses, and improves workflow because it is flexible and can be used alongside other frameworks. 

What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
There are many characteristics that encompass a good team member when developing software. One of the most important to me is good communication skills. Ideas need to be shared clear and concise so that everyone is on the same page. Collaboration is another characteristic that is paramount to creating a successful project. The goals should be shared within the team in which the efforts are aligned to team's objectives instead of focusing on indivdual achievments. Anoter characteristic that makes a good team memeber is someone that is willing to learn as much as they are willing to teach. Having an open mind to new ideas and processes could create new pathways, experiences, and skill sets. As well, mentoring and guiding less experienced team members strengthens the teams collective knowledge. 
